All right welcome back.
So I think we are doing pretty good improvement here.
And not just improvement I mean progress.
All right.
We are progressing through the course.
Very good very rapidly.
The more do we do this stuff the easier it gets right.
OK.
So now what's next.
Well we have to create post functionalities working pretty good right.
It's time for us to go and edit the post.
All right.
So let's go and do this.
We have the edit.
Let's go to Adam impulse controller real quick and here we're going to you returning the view.
Right.
And we're going to say ad men that are men that pose that it would go.
All right let's find the pause first right.
Before we do anything let's just say post fine or fail.
All right.
So once we find the polls we pass it in.
Here we go.
All right cool.
Now let's go and let's go to resources pose an added beach.
All right.
So we already have something very similar to what we won on the edit page.
So let's go to that create and copy and paste it there.
Now let's change a couple of things here real quick.
This should be very easy for you guys but I'm going to do it with you.
So the way you guys are used to it change the model to this.
And they're open to model.
That's what I meant.
Let's do this.
Hear what else we need to change.
The Post will make it Patch.
All right.
We need to close this out
.
Right.
We can do the polls ID right here.
OK.
And this should be a camera right here.
All right.
What else.
This is looking good.
All right.
All right cool.
Let's check it out.
Oh and another thing that we need is we need to put something to go to that page right.
So let's make it so that way every time we click the name he goes to that page.
So let's go to the end it's a quick and right on the title not on the title and the name.
We're going to put a link that take us there.
All right.
So let's use the round function that is super useful right.
Right.
And we're going to say amend that pulls at it.
And we got to pass a parameter with 80.
All right cool.
Let's check it out real quick.
All right.
Enter on support over Antibes.
We need to take that all from there.
All right here we go.
Enter the variable categories.
OK we're not passing the categories.
Let's go past the categories as well.
Let's go to them and controller malicious categories and category
name and ID right.
Pass Pasadena right here.
I think we're forgetting all right here.
All right.
Let's see.
Check it out right now.
All right cool right.
That's good.
This is the BHB posts.
It has a BHB category.
This is both Number two let's check it out real quick.
All right let's click again.
All right.
Let's go back here.
Let's go to create real quick not create edit.
All right.
Everything's looking good here.
Plus ID
.
There we go.
You see the Lara go category there.
This one doesn't have a category.
That's why it says that it shows the post.
All right.
But once we make it we give it a category we show the category OK.
So this one has Lero in there.
And this is BHB as you can see.
All right working I can tell you that and we're doing it really nicely.
All right.
So in the next lecture we are going to start working on the functionality for updating this post.
Thank you so much guys.
It was pretty easy right.
And I'll see you in the next lecture.